site.md, before:

<svg id=fun viewbox='-1000,-1000, 2000, 2000'></svg>

# photography

## Final Exercise 2023
!md: Fujifilm XT-4, FFUJINON XF16-80mm F4 R OIS WR
!date: May 20, 2023
!yt: 66U7PK0UW5w
The buoyancy of the balloons mirrored the soaring spirits of the graduates, and I was reminded of the relentless passage of time. Time flies, and moments are ephemeral. But as long as I can, I'll immortalize them, one click at a time. This is a testament to endings, beginnings, and the <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osmzwWw4RYM" target="_blank" style="color: #90538F; text-decoration: none;" onmouseover="this.style.textDecoration='underline';" onmouseout="this.style.textDecoration='none';">_Timeless_</a> journey in between.

## My Favorite Color
!md: Fujifilm XT-3, Fujifilm XT-4, FFUJINON XF16-80mm F4 R OIS WR
!date: February 20 - March 30, 2023
There are only two seasons in my hometown, winter and summer. Spring is very short, as short as a week, so I've never gotten the full picture of spring. It was only upon my footsteps treading the grounds of UVA that a revelation dawned upon me. My favorite color wasn't just a standard hue like <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_rUYuFtNO4" target="_blank" style="color: #FF0000; text-decoration: none;" onmouseover="this.style.textDecoration='underline';" onmouseout="this.style.textDecoration='none';">_Red_</a>, _Blue_, or _Green_. It is the vibrant mosaic of _Spring_ !!!

## A Lonely Sentinel
!md: Fujifilm XT-4, FFUJINON XF16-80mm F4 R OIS WR
!date: <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qc2Z-OX9wnc" target="_blank" style="color: #007BFF; text-decoration: none;" onmouseover="this.style.textDecoration='underline';" onmouseout="this.style.textDecoration='none';">December</a> 18, 20<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9boiT64sm0Q" target="_blank" style="color: #FF0000; text-decoration: none;" onmouseover="this.style.textDecoration='underline';" onmouseout="this.style.textDecoration='none';">22</a>
It was more than just a tree; it felt like a reflection of a part of me. Much like how "树" is rooted in my name, this tree, isolated yet powerful, was a testament to the beauty of endurance and the profound stories solitude can tell. As I captured its skeletal frame against the cold backdrop, I felt a bond, a shared understanding with this solitary guardian of the frozen expanse.

## Embracing the Sea Again
!md: Fujifilm XT-3, FUJINON XF18-55mm F2.8-4 R LM OIS
!date: November 24, 20<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9boiT64sm0Q" target="_blank" style="color: #FF0000; text-decoration: none;" onmouseover="this.style.textDecoration='underline';" onmouseout="this.style.textDecoration='none';">22</a>
As the world slowly awakened from its COVID slumber, I found myself by the shore, feeling the familiar embrace of the sea. Its timeless waves whispered of perseverance and new beginnings. It was a reunion not just with nature, but with hope itself.

## Our DAMWON Gaming
!md: Sony Alpha 7 IV, Sony FE 35mm F1.8
!date: June 12, 20<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9boiT64sm0Q" target="_blank" style="color: #FF0000; text-decoration: none;" onmouseover="this.style.textDecoration='underline';" onmouseout="this.style.textDecoration='none';">22</a>
In the Summoner's Rift, we stood side by side. Through victories and defeats, our bond only grew. Here's to the teammates that became family, and the fleeting youth we forever cherish.

# about

## About Me

<div id=about-pictures><img src=media/profile/gradpic.webp><img src=media/profile/walking.webp><img src=media/profile/sitting.webp><img src=media/profile/reading.webp></div>

Hey! I'm Shuqi Jiang, currently immersed in a Master's program in Computer Science at the University of Virginia. My academic foundation is built upon a Bachelor's in Network Security from Wuhan University.  Outside the classroom, I am deeply passionate about photography. While I appreciate digital cameras and have had the privilege to work with some of the finest models like the _Hasselblad X2D_, _BMPCC 6K_, and the _Fujifilm XT-2_, I also have a profound love for film. In fact, I've nearly tried every film camera the world has to offer. My personal favorite remains the _Mamiya RB67_, especially when loaded with the 120 format _Kodak Portra 400_ film. Whether I'm behind the lens or sipping on a latte, life is a quest for beauty and moments. This quest is evident not just in my photos, but also in my loyalty to Starbucks, reflected by the over _1500_ stars I've accumulated in their rewards program. Every star is a testament to my love for their brews and my penchant for seeking out life's little pleasures!!!

<p>
For collaborations, or just a chat over coffee:  <a href='mailto:shuqitree@gmail.com'><u>  shuqitree@gmail.com</u></a>
</p>

Commit message:

Add a new page "Turtle's Whisper"

site.md, after:

<svg id=fun viewbox='-1000,-1000, 2000, 2000'></svg>

# photography

## The Turtle's Whisper
!md: Fujifilm XT-4, FFUJINON XF16-80mm F4 R OIS WR
!date: July 1, 2023
My love for turtles, a passion I shared with my father since childhood, was the invisible force propelling me forward. Since attending the University of Virginia, I had been trying to spot an Eastern Box Turtle in its native habitat—a goal that now seemed within reach.

The journey began at 8 a.m., and we trudged through woods, over streams, and across meadows, eyes peeled for any signs of turtle life. By 1 p.m., spirits were starting to wane. The adventure seemed fruitless, and we reluctantly decided to head back to the parking lot, wrapping up what felt like a failed expedition.

Just as we were about to abandon all hope, a distant rustle from the underbrush caught my attention. Though squirrels had been frequent culprits of such noises, something was different this time—the bushes stopped shaking. A silent agreement passed between us: This was no squirrel.

We approached cautiously, the air thick with anticipation. And there it was: an Eastern Box Turtle, its ornate shell glistening in the dappled sunlight, as if waiting just for us.

The moment was surreal. Hours of walking, years of dreaming, and a lifetime of loving these remarkable creatures had led to this single, unforgettable encounter. As I stood there, taking in every detail, I felt an overwhelming sense of gratitude. The long walk had not been in vain; it was a walk to discovery, a journey to fulfilling a dream.

_Extending a special thanks to Macie. Her past encounters with this incredible species led us to this spot, and her driving took us on this unforgettable journey. Because of her, this story became possible, adding another beautiful chapter to my lifelong passion for these marvelous creatures._

## Final Exercise 2023
!md: Fujifilm XT-4, FFUJINON XF16-80mm F4 R OIS WR
!date: May 20, 2023
!yt: 66U7PK0UW5w
The buoyancy of the balloons mirrored the soaring spirits of the graduates, and I was reminded of the relentless passage of time. Time flies, and moments are ephemeral. But as long as I can, I'll immortalize them, one click at a time. This is a testament to endings, beginnings, and the <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osmzwWw4RYM" target="_blank" style="color: #90538F; text-decoration: none;" onmouseover="this.style.textDecoration='underline';" onmouseout="this.style.textDecoration='none';">_Timeless_</a> journey in between.

## My Favorite Color
!md: Fujifilm XT-3, Fujifilm XT-4, FFUJINON XF16-80mm F4 R OIS WR
!date: February 20 - March 30, 2023
There are only two seasons in my hometown, winter and summer. Spring is very short, as short as a week, so I've never gotten the full picture of spring. It was only upon my footsteps treading the grounds of UVA that a revelation dawned upon me. My favorite color wasn't just a standard hue like <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_rUYuFtNO4" target="_blank" style="color: #FF0000; text-decoration: none;" onmouseover="this.style.textDecoration='underline';" onmouseout="this.style.textDecoration='none';">_Red_</a>, _Blue_, or _Green_. It is the vibrant mosaic of _Spring_ !!!

## A Lonely Sentinel
!md: Fujifilm XT-4, FFUJINON XF16-80mm F4 R OIS WR
!date: <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qc2Z-OX9wnc" target="_blank" style="color: #007BFF; text-decoration: none;" onmouseover="this.style.textDecoration='underline';" onmouseout="this.style.textDecoration='none';">December</a> 18, 20<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9boiT64sm0Q" target="_blank" style="color: #FF0000; text-decoration: none;" onmouseover="this.style.textDecoration='underline';" onmouseout="this.style.textDecoration='none';">22</a>
It was more than just a tree; it felt like a reflection of a part of me. Much like how "树" is rooted in my name, this tree, isolated yet powerful, was a testament to the beauty of endurance and the profound stories solitude can tell. As I captured its skeletal frame against the cold backdrop, I felt a bond, a shared understanding with this solitary guardian of the frozen expanse.

## Embracing the Sea Again
!md: Fujifilm XT-3, FUJINON XF18-55mm F2.8-4 R LM OIS
!date: November 24, 20<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9boiT64sm0Q" target="_blank" style="color: #FF0000; text-decoration: none;" onmouseover="this.style.textDecoration='underline';" onmouseout="this.style.textDecoration='none';">22</a>
As the world slowly awakened from its COVID slumber, I found myself by the shore, feeling the familiar embrace of the sea. Its timeless waves whispered of perseverance and new beginnings. It was a reunion not just with nature, but with hope itself.

## Our DAMWON Gaming
!md: Sony Alpha 7 IV, Sony FE 35mm F1.8
!date: June 12, 20<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9boiT64sm0Q" target="_blank" style="color: #FF0000; text-decoration: none;" onmouseover="this.style.textDecoration='underline';" onmouseout="this.style.textDecoration='none';">22</a>
In the Summoner's Rift, we stood side by side. Through victories and defeats, our bond only grew. Here's to the teammates that became family, and the fleeting youth we forever cherish.

# about

## About Me

<div id=about-pictures><img src=media/profile/gradpic.webp><img src=media/profile/walking.webp><img src=media/profile/sitting.webp><img src=media/profile/reading.webp></div>

Hey! I'm Shuqi Jiang, currently immersed in a Master's program in Computer Science at the University of Virginia. My academic foundation is built upon a Bachelor's in Network Security from Wuhan University.  Outside the classroom, I am deeply passionate about photography. While I appreciate digital cameras and have had the privilege to work with some of the finest models like the _Hasselblad X2D_, _BMPCC 6K_, and the _Fujifilm XT-2_, I also have a profound love for film. In fact, I've nearly tried every film camera the world has to offer. My personal favorite remains the _Mamiya RB67_, especially when loaded with the 120 format _Kodak Portra 400_ film. Whether I'm behind the lens or sipping on a latte, life is a quest for beauty and moments. This quest is evident not just in my photos, but also in my loyalty to Starbucks, reflected by the over _1500_ stars I've accumulated in their rewards program. Every star is a testament to my love for their brews and my penchant for seeking out life's little pleasures!!!

<p>
For collaborations, or just a chat over coffee:  <a href='mailto:shuqitree@gmail.com'><u>  shuqitree@gmail.com</u></a>
</p>
